It's 8 o'clock Pacific Standard Time and you know what time that is.
It's Harmon Time, ladies and gentlemen from beautiful uptown Burbank.
Harmontown is now in session.
Please welcome to the stage your Game Master, extra denerra.
Spencer Crittenden, you got a bag full of fun, a fun full of bag, and there's, do you, do
you beard get sexier?
Oh, let's hear it for your mayor of Harmontown, Mr. Dan Harmon.
Poop in your shoe, poop in your hat, poop on a ball, poop on a bat, poop on your head,
poop in some bread, poop on your momma, now she's dead a bit, went to the La Brea Tower
pizza, took a poop, invited papers to get the scoop, but papers are dead and journalism
is long gone.
I fucked your momma so hard, the pussy's a front lawn, and then I mowed it, I made
it clean, but it's not about shaving, it's not what I mean, it's not about objectifying
the vagina.
I'm going to North Carolina with my beef dick and I'm making a canyon, I fucked your
momma and she said, damn son, fuck me more, so I did it, let's have some s'mores, chocolate,
graham crackers, little mellow, fucked your momma, she's yellow, I mean cowardly, I mean
cowardly.
All right, thank you, the whole avenue of trouble I haven't gotten into yet.
You're going to have to apologize for that rap.
Thank you for joining us again in our no audience podcast.
There's some good signs on that front, I think Nolan's been making some progress and there
was some shifting in the power halls in the city of Burbank.
I think there's a new guy who was in charge of Burbank now and he came through and he
was pretty friendly into the venue and he suggested, if you guys separate these desires
of serving liquor here and doing a show here, you know, you could probably get an audience
back in here a lot faster and you can still work on the license for the serving.
So I think if we do that, we could be looking at an audience version of the podcast again
soon.
How soon?
Not soon.
What a popular thing, probably not soon.
Not very soon, I mean sooner, certainly.
Not so soon that if that's what you're waiting for, you should prepare.
You should prepare.
Yeah.
Or hang your hopes on it at all.
You should probably.
How do you feel about doing it with or without the audience?
What's the difference for you over the last one?
I think we all prefer it without an audience, right?
It's been so much easier and better.
I think we've eaten our share of this, the lonely sandwich, I don't know.
It's six at one, whatever.
We haven't done it with an audience in a million years, so I'm looking forward to it.
Speaking of which, we're going to be at SketchFest in San Francisco in front of an audience.
We're not going to bring our lack of audience with us.
That's too expensive to fly, that much lack of audience.
We can't fly a lack of audience, I don't know.
So we're going to go to an audience in San Francisco and do a little show there.
I guess Google it, I don't know.
Yeah, Google SF SketchFest, Harmontown 2018 or something along those lines.
Yeah.
I wanted to do our Belmont joke, but you don't even remember the radio.
Oh, it was a Belmont joke.
Yeah, yeah.
You said camera, I didn't understand what you were talking about.
That's all right.
That was part of the joke.
You have it written down, right?
I have the bullet points.
Okay, so why don't you set this up, or should I set it up?
Okay, so we have this friend, she's a director, Sofia, Shmuka Muka Muka, it's a Swedish name.
It's not Shmuka Muka Muka, but yeah.
I should have her last name because she, a long time ago I tweeted a music video that
she did right over here in this space.
She does stop motion stuff.
She's done a couple music videos at Star Burns now, very, very talented director.
She's from Sweden, she's here on some kind of visa or whatever.
And maybe if you're a fan of Cody's Instagram, you've seen her teaching Cody how to say various
filthy things in Swedish.
What I do have, Dan, is the Wikipedia, like, Belman joke.
Right, so we were talking about jokes, like, somehow it came up, she said there's this
tradition in Sweden that's called the Belman joke.
So is that where-
Belman is like kind of the all-purpose character in a, like he's the butt of the joke, but he's
also kind of the hero of the joke in his own naivete stupidity.
We find ourselves culturally fascinated with it because we're Americans, so we have pollock
jokes, we have blonde jokes, we have all kinds of horrible jokes I can't even mention by
category, but, like, we don't have, like, American jokes where we're cast as either
the wise guy in a ship of fools or the, there's some jokes where it's like you're trying to
pump yourself up like a redneck and a Yankee go into a place and the redneck just does
this and he's a simple working man and you're, like, yay.
The first paragraph in the Wikipedia for Belman joke is, the Belman joke is a type of simple
joke popular among Swedish school children, always including a person named Belman as
the main character.
And very often, do they have an example in there?
Yeah, very often it's like, you know how in America when you're a kid you learn these
jokes are like a black guy, a Chinese guy, and a Polish guy go into a popcorn store or
whatever and the Polish guy ends up doing something stupid or maybe it's the black guy
that does something that's more pragmatic or...
But in this case, there's two cultures and Belman who is a person and he stands apart.
He's either the villain or the hero, depending on your point of view.
He's kind of the, yeah, it's like, I think it's like a manifestation of Sweden as they're
like, well, what are we going to do, we probably don't have that big of an army, you know, like
I don't, it's a national psyche thing.
It's like they'll go, oh, there's this guy, there's that guy, and then there's Belman.
Belman is the Swedish guy.
He's just a regular Joe.
So Dan, a Dane, a Norwegian, and Belman made a wager on who could remain inside a goat
pen the longest.
Right.
Okay, classic Belman.
This is just, this is your run of the mill Belman joke.
First out was the Dane who came out just after 10 minutes yelling, damn, that goat stinks.
After him, the Norwegian went in.
After half an hour, he came out yelling, damn, that goat stinks.
Finally, Belman went in.
After two hours, the goat came rushing out saying, damn, that Belman stinks.
Can I rewrite that real quick?
After 10 minutes, whatever it is, just say, they should just say the goat came out.
He doesn't have to say, damn, that Belman stinks.
Okay, well, Dan, maybe you haven't heard this one, a Russian, a German and Belman wanted
to see who could swim the fastest across the Atlantic Ocean.
First out was the German, you know, of course.
He swam one kilometer and drowned.
Next came the Russian.
He swam 10 kilometers, he drowned.
Now it was Belman's turn.
He swam and swam until he almost reached America, then he got tired and swam back.
Let's see.
Now that's a hero.
Yeah, right.
Sometimes Belman, it's like a weird fusion of like in America where someone has to be
being shit on or whatever, but it's interesting to me that it's like, so we were like, oh,
what an interesting joke format, what an interesting thing.
Yeah, because it's not a pollock joke, it's not an n-bomb joke, it's not a racist joke.
It's also not like a jingoistic, like fucking Swedes do it, the best joke.
I got two questions.
Is Belman a first or a last name?
I think, I would say first, I guess.
Is it supposed to be a reference to their race or like ethnic, like is it supposed to
be that's us?
I think it's probably.
Because they put it in context with other people from countries, so it's like.
Yeah, I think that's the joke.
Spencer, as far as Wikipedia is concerned, the jokes first became popular in the 19th
century and originally inspired the life of the poet and composer Carl Michael Belman.
The first known Belman joke survived in a book from 1835, so it goes back that far.
So that's almost like just like having Mr. Bean be a character in a joke.
Yeah, that's how we interpreted it, is that it's sort of like Fred Flintstone or like,
even if his name was Kowalski or something.
We don't have a national identity like that, like we don't have like a Joe Blow or something.
He's so outside of having an identity though in these jokes because he's the third person
to be set up and he's the only one whose race isn't called that.
He's not a race, he's kind of a disembodied character.
He's a neutral country.
Wait, that's Switzerland.
But isn't it sort of like there, you know, you're Swedish and you, I think that's part
of it though.
As you'll see in the Belman joke that we wrote, thank you, we took a half hour and we wrote
a Belman joke.
Let's be honest, it took us nearly an hour, 45 minutes.
Okay, I'm going to see if I can come up with a Belman joke.
Spencer, can you riff a Belman, do you already think that you have a handle on that premise
so well that you can do it?
No, I'll need a half hour to nearly an hour, I think.
Okay, well it should take me about that time to tell ours because I'm not that good at
telling jokes, but I wrote down the bullet points, Jeff and I took like an hour.
We wanted to see, could we make our friend Sophia the Swede laugh with a Belman joke?
Laugh with a proper Swedish Belman joke.
So here's what we did.
We took it or leave it, but I think we fucking nailed it.
We fucking did it.
I'm really proud of it and she laughed.
She laughed.
There's some sort of reaction.
We told it.
We got to the punchline and she went, is that like she kind of like she went over it like
a pothole.
She couldn't believe that we updated and contemporized fucking Belman jokes.
Okay, so you know my history with telling jokes, but this is so this is like an evil
cannibal fuck feet here, this is where we might run into trouble.
You have it written down.
I do.
I have my bullet points.
Okay.
Bullet points.
You don't have it written down.
I haven't bullet points.
Okay.
A good joke is somewhat rift.
Well, I, is that, is that, all right, guys, you know, come on, give me a, I feel like a
real Belman right now or I'm going to prove myself to be a Belman because I'm going to
come through in the end.
I'm going to, in a weird way.
All right.
Just look, here's our Belman joke.
Here it is.
Jeff, Jeff and I wrote this at the drawing room, took us 45, 45 minutes.
It's the year 2019 AD.
Earth has made first contact with an alien species.
The message from this mysterious alien species is we are here to destroy you.
If you are not worthy, send three emissaries from your species.
Each can bring one item.
A lottery is held.
The emissaries are chosen.
A Dutch astronaut, a German astronaut and Belman.
The astronauts are placed into the prescribed craft.
It is sent up to the mothership orbiting the earth.
The airlock opens.
The omnipotent ominous aliens send their emissary into the vestibule of the ship.
Our astronauts enter with their items.
What have you brought?
Says the alien.
The Dutch astronaut steps forward.
I have brought this model of a windmill.
The Dutch were the first to harness the natural resources of the earth, and although our species
currently lives in conflict with our planet, this is evidence that our people have it in
them as early as the dawn of civilization to live in harmony with Mother Gaia.
What have you brought?
The German astronaut pulls out a pistol.
This is a German Luger pistol.
It is the peak of German engineering.
Yes, it is war-based, but your species did say you were here to destroy us if we didn't
prove ourselves.
This is evidence that we have it in us to follow perfect order and have perfect hierarchy,
and that the results can be this, this perfect piece of engineering that has literally never
misfired a shot, the German Luger.
And what have you, Belman, pulls out a camera, says, I brought a Hasselblad camera.
It's a Swedish camera.
It's state-of-the-art.
Why?
Because nobody's going to believe this shit.
Yeah.
That's a good Belman joke.
Ladies and gentlemen, Belman, that's a good Belman joke.
And then I think the rest of it, as you can imagine, I think the aliens like, I like this
guy, planet Belman.
Or do they, do they kill, who do they, do they have to stick?
I don't know.
My favorite part of the joke is the Dana Ma.
What happens after the Polish guy eats all of the pea-soaked popcorn instead of having
sex with the farmer's daughter?
I mean, certainly a stomach ache.
Yeah.
But like, let's say you put yourself in the pants, if aliens wear pants, which one do
you pick?
Do you pick the, the aliens that we're here to, the aliens that we're here to pick?
The peaceful engineering of the Dutch?
The warlike engineering of the Germans?
Or the ironic, I get the joke, Belman?
They weren't here to pick.
They wanted to see if we had, if our civilization had generated a Belman.
You know, I think when you're, when you're playing, when your species gets to the point
where it's capable of Belman production, you're like, okay, you're, you're all right.
And probably another alien comes out and goes, I'm the alien equivalent of Belman.
Like long ago, people didn't understand a goofy horse sense.
Spencer, do you think you're ready for your Belman joke or do you need some time?
I just want to say that I think that you really did what a scripted joke could not have accomplished
by going off book and using those, that outline.
So thank you.
I was, you elevated the material.
Yeah.
And I, and I don't think you're being sarcastic.
I'm not, but I could be.
Yeah.
But I choose to believe that you're not.
Well, yeah, I think the tension there is maybe.
Spencer, your black outfit is blending into the background and you look like a disembodied
ghost person.
That's all I've always wished I would be.
Did I tell you guys that I imagined my head like running around like, like it like hops
off my body and like runs around on little beard feet, you know, like, did you have,
did you have a Belman joke?
I came up with one.
I'm not proud of it, but you know, that was the task.
If you come up with one that quickly, you don't have to be proud of it.
You can be proud that you came up with a Belman joke that quickly.
Okay.
Like later.
Well, then I am.
All right.
So in Elf, a dwarf and Belmont are outside of a dungeon, as I say, I became hysterical.
You're outside of what?
A dungeon.
Okay.
And the elf goes like, I'm going to get that treasure and goes in there and five minutes
later comes back out.
And he's like, Jesus Christ, there's no trees.
It's claustrophobic in there.
I can't hack it.
And the dwarf's like, ha, ha, fucking elves.
And then the dwarf goes in there and then he comes out.
He's all scratched up and bloody and he's like, this place is full of orcs, man.
I'm not going back.
There's no way the treasure's worth that.
And then Belmont's like, I got this, you guys.
And then he comes back like two hours later and he's just fine.
And everyone's like, what, what, what happened?
He's like, you guys were totally right, man.
There was like, the place was terrible.
There was like just a bunch of dusty coins and stuff.
You see, because he got the treasure, but he didn't care for it.
Right.
Oh, he didn't care.
He didn't like the treasure because the Belmont has a different standard.
Right.
Yeah.
That's fucking great.
No, it's not great.
It certainly passes the test of being a Belmont joke on some level.
I think it's not great.
One tweak would be, I think if you, if each of them were specified as coming out empty-handed.
So that when Belmont comes out empty-handed and then he's like, yeah.
Yeah.
All right.
Well, I stuck to the script and that was my flow.
Our next guest needs no introduction.
He's been touring clubs and colleges all across the nation.
You might have missed him on Jimmy Kimmel.
He's been a good friend of mine for a long time and a good friend of the show and a good
friend of entertainment in general.
Please welcome Rob Schrab.
Oh, no.
All right, Rob, do you want to try to freestyle a Belmont joke?
It's a tripartite joke where one person is either the hero or the dummy.
Hard to tell which.
It's kind of like the Schrabbing of jokes.
I'm so, have you guys been having a hard time with 2018?
Yeah.
That's gone pretty seamlessly for me so far.
I mean, I haven't, I've been having a.
10, 10, shush, shush.
I haven't.
It's my mic on.
I've just, I haven't been a hard time getting up in the morning.
Like it was difficult.
It was difficult for me to come over here.
I have not really, I got a lot of work I could be doing and it's not even that much.
It's not even an overwhelming workload, but I still, I've, I really am still in vacation
mode.
I, yeah, I'm having like a hard turn.
I'm having a hard turn.
I'm going through, I don't, I go to bed early, I sleep late, I'm, I don't go out, I'm home,
I order in a lot.
Does Kate, Kate goes, goes, plays magic cards and VR and hangs out in Malibu and it's just
me and the dog.
Cody and I are definitely enabling each other, like we just, every weekend, we just, we can't
wait to get to the weekend and then we jump into bed and we just turn into fucking potatoes
and just, we just don't.
I've been doing that a lot.
But you're doing it regardless.
You know, Kate's going like, okay, I'm going to Malibu to play magic ballering and you're
like.
I've been also meditating.
I've been meditating a lot, like, which is, I'm taking a nap for how long?
Like, I'll, like, I'll set my insight timer for 20 minutes, but I'll, I'll set the alarm.
If you meditate too long, you could go crazy, you know, have you read about that?
No.
I mean, it has to be in the neighborhood of like 48 hours.
Don't worry about it.
A Buddhist, a Hindu and a Belman go to Nirvana start meditating and they try to achieve Nirvana
together and the Hindu says, I'll go into Nirvana first.
I've been taking transit meditation classes.
You've been taking what?
Sorry.
Transcendental meditation classes.
Oh, okay.
Yeah.
I went to one of those orientations for that.
Oh yeah.
It's like right around the block.
Yeah.
Jonah Ray was there.
Oh, really?
I'm sure he doesn't mind me saying that.
He was put up to it by Joel Hodgson, our good friend.
Yeah.
Same here.
It was really into TM.
Yeah.
You know what?
It's the fucking best.
It's like three years ago, he goes, I think you really need to be doing this, man.
I think with your, like the way your mind works, you got to get up inside that mother
grabber.
Yeah.
You guys got to really like down into it.
Now.
So I didn't.
I really, I enjoyed it.
Yeah.
I've been.
Did you grab that mother?
I grabbed a mother.
I can't remember why Cody and I didn't go back.
It wasn't like, I think it was just like, I think it, oh, you know what?
It was because they said you can't get high.
Cody was like peace.
Like in general or before the class, like you have to, like you're not supposed to get
high.
They said, you know, to get like an actual, you know, as you start out, it wasn't like
for the rest of your life, it was like, if you're going to do this, you're going to,
you know, to get a proper version of what hopefully will help you try not to drink or
get high or whatever.
Or they even said, don't take a nap before, you know, just little things like that.
Yeah.
No, I know it was temporary.
It wasn't like that.
But still, deal breaker.
Yeah.
Like we're not having kids because I think, you know, like Cody was like, well, maybe
we should freeze our eggs.
That's extreme.
And then you go, okay, step one to freeze your eggs, don't get high for the done.
Forget it.
Peace.
You, you two really like getting high.
I really like Cody.
She really, really likes getting high.
I should get high more than drink less.
I get high and then I go to bed.
Yeah.
Me too.
I eat and then I go to bed.
I turn on the television and I go to bed.
Yeah, man.
I'm falling apart.
No, man.
This is a cry for help.
You're just sleeping.
What are you supposed to, what do you want to do?
You want to be a CG head in the bucket list, like falling out of a plane?
Like, like what, don't, don't let people trick you into thinking that life is about going
outside or, or flying a kite.
Like what the fuck?
Who cares?
Those people are morons.
I'm not happy though.
Oh, okay.
Well, let's see.
That's, that's it.
But, but, but in case you're not happy because you think you should be doing something else,
that could be, that could be part of the whole syndrome.
That's a little bit of it too.
I think if you step on the gas and go, I want to be in bed, you know, that's how I quit
smoking.
It was like, I'm going to fucking smoke this cigarette.
I'm going to smoke the shit out of this fucking cigarette.
Like I'm sick and tired of pretending I'm trying to quit or resenting people for telling
me I should quit.
It's like, I'm smoking.
Okay.
I'm going to smoke this cigarette and I'd look at each cigarette and I'd go like, get
ready to get smoked, you little fuck.
And I'd smoke it.
And I'd be like, and then I, that, that was the first step down the road to getting to
quit smoking.
Right.
Like being intentional.
It's like, like instead of pretending and being unconscious about things, you know, not wanting
to face things is a big, that seals off a mental process that could just make thoughts
like magnify and, and, but simultaneously they're sealed off.
So you're not even knowing they're magnified.
That's where you get your classic guy, you know, sipping coffee and, and, and then the,
they run out of Splenda and he takes a knife out and kills everybody because the classic.
Yeah.
You know, it's just that thing.
That's like,
What are you unhappy about?
Rob?
I just unfulfilled, you know, professionally probably, right?
Not creatively or both.
Because usually there's creative and professional and they're kind of not necessarily the same.
I just, it's not fun anymore.
Right.
Yeah.
And I, I miss that and, you know, and everybody wants to help and say, well, you got to go
out.
You got to read.
You got to do some stuff.
It's just like, yeah, I know, but that doesn't, it doesn't help.
I don't want to help.
I want, I want you to, I want you to fucking pop like a, because I know it'll be great.
You know, it's like, I want you to get so fucking sad and angry and, and sick of the
world and selfish and that you take all of that talent that you can't escape and just
fucking smash it like Eddie Van Halen guitar and like create some crazy new form of music
that, you know, no pressure.
I, I, I just, you know, I, I, I just like, I like making little animations and put them
on Instagram or whatever.
Like you're, I think you need to do what Justin did when he, when he, you know, when he started
doing the voices that became Rick and Morty, it was because he was like, he was mad and
lonely and sad.
Like he hated like working and like he, he, and he just wanted to take a shit on back
to the future.
So he just, he's just, he's just alienated, you know, it's like, just follow it.
Like think about how fucking much you hate everybody.
Like they're stupid.
They control your life.
I don't want to hate anybody.
I just, I just, it's, it's just getting, it's like, you, or how much you hate yourself
them.
Well, okay.
All right.
Well, it's, it's, it's like waking up and going, this again, yeah, this, this, this,
I got it.
I got, I got 12 hours of this before it's okay for me to go back to sleep, go back to
bed.
We'll capture that.
I'm already, I'm already captivated by your, your expressing it.
You're always going to be an artist.
Like I, I, I guy, you know, you know how a guy at Dunkin Donuts says what you just said.
He says something that he heard on a television.
He says same shit different day and he, and then he, and then he rapes somebody.
I don't want to rape anyone.
What would be the, the, like the dream.
I don't know.
That's the thing.
If you woke up and said, oh, I'm creating, I'm working, I'm doing this thing, what would
that be?
I don't know.
I don't know what that would be.
I mean, I literally can do whatever I want right now.
I mean, I, I'm sitting on a ton of savings.
I, I don't have many expenses.
I could jump on a plane and go anywhere I want.
I could invest all my money into something.
And I just, I'm like, I don't know.
It's just this severe, sad apathy.
I feel the exact same way, except without as much money.
I mean, certainly I'm more comfortable than I have.
You could get on like a twin prop and go a couple places in California.
Let's go like fly.
I vote for going like, like, like following your assessment of the monotony though.
I think that that's how caterpillars start to spin a cocoon, that you feel sluggish.
You're full of leaves.
You don't want to eat them anymore.
You have all the energy you need.
It's just all like your metabolism is down and a transformation is about to happen.
And the caterpillar, we don't want our, if we like our butterflies, we don't want our
caterpillars like forcing themselves to go to yoga when they feel that way.
We want them to like do like double down on that feeling because locked somewhere in there
is the beginning of a new phase.
You're, you're, you're lucky to have a logical stopping point emotionally where things just
feel like, okay, I think that can be incredibly depressing.
You know, when you finish a draft, you finish a job, like there's that postpartum depression
because, but it's like, it's because you're done with one thing and you haven't started
another yet and you feel useless.
And I know that's not what you're feeling right now.
You feel like it's in a larger scale, but I'm saying that's because you're, you're the
project that you've finished isn't as simple as, oh, I just did this thing with JJ Abrams
and now I got to look for another job.
It's a chapter of your life that is ending and that, and that it could be a regression
to childhood.
Like you may need to get your, your little cardboard things back out and fucking and,
and I would say, instead of forcing yourself, I'm gonna, I'm gonna make like a new franchise.
I'm gonna, I'm gonna do this amazing thing.
Like I like this, I like this thought of you turning your gaze on the clockwork of life
where you're like looking at how pointless it all is.
You're going like, this is what life is.
This is like, I'm like killing time between naps and I can't get out of bed and like time
means nothing and life means nothing and all this stuff.
I'd love to see your blue period, you know?
Yeah.
Now, I mean, I, I've been thinking about that like a lot, like in the last year, just like,
what do I really want to be doing?
You know, you've had, I've had this trajectory of doing a certain, living a certain life,
you know, since I was like eight years old, you know, and I'm living it, you know, I've
done pretty much everything I've ever set out to do, at least tasted it, and now I'm
like, well, wasn't that great?
Well, it's great, it's fine, but where's the surprise?
Where's the, where's the person that said, oh, I'm instead, I, I, one day, you know,
I mean, like the, the, the, you hear the story of somebody doing the opposite of what we're
doing, you know, the lawyer that said, I, I want to write, uh, the, the diehard three,
you know, like, and goes out and does it, you know, and leaves that world behind and
becomes a creative, like, what's the opposite of the creative person who has done nothing
but being creative this entire life, even for fun.
Do you think as a version of you, Rob, that even if you wrote the perfect thing, got all
the kudos for it that would make you happy?
Like, well, I've already done that and, and, and it's, and it's, it's, it makes you happy,
but being happy and being satisfied are not necessarily the same thing.
Well, that's a satisfied, like, like, what, like, is there a version where you go, oh,
I did, I crossed a finish line that made me feel satisfied.
Like, is, is there a work thing, a drawing that you could do, a movie you could write,
a award you could win that you would cross that threshold and go, oh, I feel good.
Uh, I, I miss being proud.
Well, then what would make you?
Well, I don't know.
I mean, you know, like, I just, you know, there's some things that you go out and, you
know, you do something and you're, you're like, I did that because it's a job or I,
you know, I do this and it, it went so far and it was great for that.
But then it just didn't go over that, that, that next step to get to out into the public
or whatever.
But I feel the same too.
It's just like, I, you know, there's fake thresholds I thought that I would have crossed
by now, but I'm just happy now to make a living, like doing, like, what I like.
And that's, I'm in the very lucky percentage of people that get to do that.
But you're more artistic than I am, like you're, like, your book, like, but I, but I can't
do anything else.
It was like, you draw it and you don't even like it.
You draw because you have to, because what else are you going to fucking do?
Yeah.
Well, that's how I think, I mean, there's, there's those two levels of, it's like, you
and I have been on both tracks at various stages of, of our careers.
There's the track where there's all this artificial outside encouragement where people are calling
and going, like, how'd you like to meet with Gwyneth Johnsonberg?
And you're like, Gwyneth, okay.
And then she's like, I want, I've always wanted, I've always been into slinkies and, and, and
slinkies interested in, and, and then you, you, you get to get out of bed every day and
go like, well, you know, I'm going to, I'm going to fucking blow people's mind by making
this best slinky movie.
And you have all these outside like things and it's like, it's like carbohydrates.
Like it fills your blood sugar and then, and you, as long as you keep stuffing your face
with Snickers bars, you don't know that you're running on purely blood sugar.
And then two, one of two things happened, you run out of Snickers and you get starving
or you get really fat and you're also unhappy because you're working 50 jobs for Gwyneth
Johnsonberg and slinky and none of them are passionate and that's like, again, you're
just like, you just feel like you're, you're miserable.
And then, then there's the Atkins diet of creativity. This is a bad metaphor because
you're vegetarian, but, but, but it's like, it's that other thing of like, you know, and,
and, you know, like, like, like what Jeff had said, like, is this about, is this about
profession or is this about creative because they are, they can be two different things.
And I think you're, you're, you're well aware of the fact that you don't want Robert DeNiro
to drop through a skylight and be like, I, I want you to make a bullwinkle movie with
me. Like that's not going to make you happy right now.
No.
And, and you don't need it. And, and so it's like, I think it's like, it's the other things
that we're talking about. Like you feel like when Eddie Murphy went up at the House of
Blues and started singing about how he didn't feel like he was funny anymore after Pluto
and Ash or something, like you're feel, you're feeling midlife like creative crisis. Yeah.
You know, it's, it's, you know, it's like you get the, the phone calls from, you know,
like, Hey, there's a meeting. These people want to meet you. And you're just like, no,
no, I don't, I don't want to. Well, why not? I just don't feel like driving to San Diego,
being stuck in traffic for something that's a meet and greet that's just not going to
go anywhere or anywhere I want to, you know, to do the fucking Captain Crunch movie or,
you know, the electrician's a serial killer movie.
Are you feeling Rob? Are you feeling more creative or less creative now? Do you do you
feel?
I'm feeling dead. I'm feeling done. And it's, and it's hard because if it was just living
alone, but I have my insecurities about my, my wife, who's younger than me, you know,
going, I didn't sign up for this. I didn't sign up to live with a zombie. Well, I mean,
that goes back and forth. She'll, she'll be drawing checks from the account of your relationship
at some point when she's feeling down. She, she loves you. She's not, she did sign up
for this. She, she doesn't, she didn't have a preconceived, like she didn't want you to
be energetic when she married you. She wasn't going, I've been with you for seven years,
but I like, I have this condition. I'm not sharing in my vows, which is that I want you
to be bubbly every day.
She's a creator too. Like she makes stuff and also like she has to deal with her own
like ups and downs and the creative process. Like, like she doesn't work at a bakery. She
also wants to make things and she's a creator and you're, you're both dealing with the same.
We're going to get so many tweets from people at Dunkin Donuts and bakeries. Like they've
twice now been used as a, as an, as an example of people that have no point to, to live and
are contributing nothing. I'm going to get that usual tweet from the fight for 15 minimum
wage socialist people. Spencer, you, if I may, like you sent a pretty dark tweet out
today where you said you wanted to die, you're done.
This is like playing prices, right? But it's like the price of life and the closer to zero
you get, you,
Oh, is it, was that a joke or a creative like, like desperation or just, or it was really
funny, right? It wasn't a hilarious, hilarious.
What was it?
They're like, man, that is classic setup payoff. Oh boy. Yeah. No, I don't know. It was bad.
I'm in a bad place. I, like I said, I feel like Rob does. I feel, I feel, I identify
very strongly with everything you're saying. I don't know. I had the thought that, and
this may or may not make any sense, but like the whole concept of a midlife crisis, it
might be like this biological, what do you call it? Reproduction instinct. Like, like
after you go so far, suddenly the light goes out of the world and it kind of becomes gray.
And the reason it becomes gray is because then you can see the world fresh new color
once you have a kid. It kind of, basically it's like new game plus on the world and
it kind of just changes your perspective and lets you kind of become comfortable with the
idea of it's not about my happiness. It's not about me being the protagonist in the
world. It's about being part of this community that is then putting forth new people that
are then the new.
You're looking at things that are going to stale through fresh eyes. It's like when
you're a fan of like, say, Star Trek or Dungeons and Dragons and you're teaching somebody who's
never done it before, it's boom. It's just like, so you have a kid and you go, this
is Christmas, this is Easter, this is fun.
You've got a whole new life. It's like the second chapter, like it's everything about
your life you get to redo over.
But I've been having midlife crisis sees my entire life.
Yeah, but humans used to live until 30, right?
You've gone through a lot of midlives, yeah.
Yes.
You're like the cat of middle age.
Yeah, I think it has something to do with, I think, a typical Dunkin' Donuts of shit
eating bakery worker.
Okay.
Dan, let's lay off the donuts for a while.
Time Magazine can identify one midlife and one midlife crisis and creatives are constantly
dying and resurrecting in their minds. I think that you guys are hitting the nail on the
head because it all has to do with the future.
When you're 25, you don't really realize that what's keeping you going is thinking unconsciously
about how life's going to be when you're 35.
That energy just permeates you even though if anyone asked you and you consciously answered
the question, like, so what's it like being so young and like having your whole life ahead
of you, we were all there. We would grouse and be like, what do you mean, my whole life?
I should have done something by the time I was 21, blah, blah, blah, and also even if
you were an optimistic person, you'd be like, look, I'm not a materialist, so I don't care
about the future. I don't care what's going to happen. I'm not thinking about that. And
you'd pass a polygraph test, but when you get to 35, you then start to realize that
you, oh, there's some tank that's emptying here and I can't quite put my finger on it.
And then you get to 45 and you're like, aha, I know what that tank is. That tank is thinking
about the future. It is just the idea of the future.
But here's the glorious invitation that that represents because this isn't an epiphany
we're having when we're 70, which would be fine to have it then, like, unforgiven. We
could take a shotgun into town and just blow everyone away in the rain. But to have it
when you're truly middle-aged is to truly say, oh, my thought about the future tank
is empty. That's a good tank to be empty. It's like going into ketosis and I'm now going
to have to actually live off of the moment. And Jeff is saying that in one way. He's an
actor. He's going like, he broke through to, I'm just a wandering minstrel and I found
joy in like, send me on a plane to India, send me here, as long as I'm always working
with people that I love and I'm getting paid to do what I love and I don't have to work
in a shit-hole bakery with the fucking disgusting bakers.
We're talking to you, Duncan Donuts. We're talking to you, bakers of America,
you gross fucking yeast shit. Who wants to be a fucking baker? You disgusting
milk-fed fucking 90 IQ donut wranglers. You tell me what yeast even is, bakers, and
I'll fucking give you a donut. I'll tell you what's not rising. Your life,
you pieces of shit. And there will be no comeuppance for this. There will never be
a working class revolution in this country. We should keep saying that. I think that might
be a good idea. They're like just angrily. They'll never, like just in public, there
will never be a working class uprising. Just get enough people to say that. All these teenagers
are like, what the fuck does this guy know? We're going to fucking riot. I think that
could work. I mean, it's a joke. You're the guy Fox of not having a mask.
Anyways, but I mean, that's what we need to get through to, is just that I'm waking
up and there's a depressing way of saying it, that you're waking up and there's nothing.
And then there's also a really, you know. No, there's definitely a way that you could
go, you know, oh man. This is heaven. The things that I've always wanted to do, I've
done, and I'm kind of sick of it. You know, I'm kind of sick of my own shit, you know.
But at the same time, I could go, but now's the time to change. You know, now's the time
to do something different. Now's the time to invent a new style.
I'll tell you something you've always had over me is, like, I've never had the balls
to say no to the Clifford, the big red dog meeting or the so-and-so wants to meet you.
I'm all, I can't shake this terror, but I need to. It's being forced upon me that I
need to because I've done nothing but, you know, spread myself thin and botch a bunch
of projects. Like, I need to just say no thank you to the Jenga phone call, the Jenga movie.
But instead, I just keep going, like, well, do you think he'll set it in the future and
taking that call? And then, of course, he says yes, but he's lying, you know. Like,
if you go into the fucking Jenga office and, you know, in Sino, and-
I just, I just, I-
Is it a riff or is it actually a Jenga?
It's based in truth.
I can't, I can't, it's so hard to do anything creative, for me, that I can't do it unless
I love it. And I gotta figure out a way to love it. If I can figure out a way to love
it, I'll do it. But if I can't, I'm like, I'm waiting everybody's time. So, yeah, I
don't work as often as I probably could, and I could have a bigger savings account than
I do, but I just kind of, I do what I, whatever I want, you know. And right now, I'm like in
a scary place because I, you know, this is what depression feels like, is like, I don't
want to do anything ever again, and I feel like it's gonna be ever again. And then, eventually,
my wife's gonna leave me, my dog's gonna die, I'm gonna have a no savings account, and you're
just gonna bury me in that apartment that I've been living in for the last 20 years,
because I'm afraid to move out.
Hmm. Maybe you'll feel better if I do a rap. Hit it.
Zach, you gotta be-
Belmont, Belmont, Belmont, Belmont, Belmont, Belmont, Belmont-
Yo, a Russian,
Belmont, Belmont, Belmont, Belmont, Belmont, and Belmont walk into a-
I got in a canoe,
I rode it to your house, and I got out my shoe, and I, I squatted over it, and I took a poo,
and then I had a shoe filled with poo in my canoe, and I gave it to you, and you said,
what you gonna do, and I said, I'm gonna take another poo in my canoe, and I threw my shoe,
And it went over there, and I saw your mama with her bright red hair, and I said,
Goddamn!
Poo-ka-noo!
Undercats!
It's a poo-ka-noo!
Poo-ka-noo!
Sundercats ho!
Sundercats there!
Sundercats all over Chitara's bare leotard.
I'm flashing back to ten years old.
Alright, get away from that area.
Tricky, bad area.
Poo-ka-noo!
Yo!
Okay, nope.
Poo-ka-noo!
One more time.
There it is.
Poo-ka-noo!
Give me some.
A rubber can for the poo.
Alright, you're giving me stuff.
Depression, depression, depression, okay, depression.
Yo, yo, yo, depression, yo, depression, rap.
Here we go, yo.
D to the E to the P-R-E to the S-S-I-O-N-E.
That's French for depression.
Alright, D to the E to the P-R-E to the S-S-I in the O-N-E.
That's depression in French.
What the fuck?
Alright.
Chocolate mint ice cream.
Chocolate mint ice cream is the here to say.
Donuts.
Dunkin' donut bakeries.
Donut bakeries.
Donut industry.
Yeah, yeah, okay, good.
Let's pump those bakers back up.
Yo, yo.
I wake up in the morning and I make the dough.
I gotta roll it all around like the shit with snow.
And I'm not making a man and I'm not making an igloo.
I'm making things that you need to eat to do what you do.
So you do to thank me for giving you fuel
so you can go off on your spankings
because you're a professional spanker
or you're a carpenter or you're a banker.
I'm just a lowly donut maker
but you shit down on me because shit rolls downhill.
Oh, fuck you.
I'm sorry, I'm not Dr. Phil.
Why is he so great?
You hate him.
So what, what, what do you work at a gym?
Like, I make fucking donuts.
No, you just make the opposite of them by working at a gym
if you think about it.
It's a weird cycle.
I make the donuts and then you go to the gym
and then you make the donuts come out of your body.
Yo.
Thunder cats.
Oh.
Thunder cats rap.
Lord of Omens, give me sight beyond sight.
I fucked your mama so hard that I made it less tight
that I found Snark and said, what are you doing?
And he said, Snarf.
And I said, I'm sorry, I got your name wrong.
Pantera.
Was uncomfortable.
That was good.
All right.
That was a good one.
I feel, I feel bad.
Rob, do you feel, do you feel more activated as a creator now
after that?
I think so.
I mean, I thought maybe there would be some.
I thought maybe if I stirred the pot a little bit
there would be some creative energies.
Like maybe we would go, oh yeah, we should talk about
Thunder cats.
What was going on in that cartoon?
Um, I think Pantera and Chitara were an item.
I don't think, I think they were keeping it quiet
because the kids were around.
But they would, they would always kind of like,
because WilyKit and WilyKat were always around too much
and you know that Pantera, if he had his moment.
I said Pantera.
Yeah.
Pantera is a band.
I can't believe I've lost all of the Thunder cat.
I'm losing my Thunder cats.
Name all of the Thunder cats.
Lionel.
The train.
Right.
Panthro.
Chitara.
Now it's going to get harder.
Okay.
Tigro.
I don't think so.
Tigro?
Lettigra?
Lettigra was a rat man.
There was a fucking tiger.
What was his name?
Shroeder.
Oh.
What was the tiger?
Wait, why are you guys high-roading me?
I don't think that's his name.
What was the tiger's name?
We're not high-roading you by thinking you're wrong.
Tigro.
Okay.
And the animal.
Tigro.
Lionel.
Chitara.
They feminized her name and then it would be Tigro.
And what are the kids?
Whitful and whenful.
No, no, no.
I forgot they were kids.
I just said them.
What was the
I know you did by the way.
And then there was a Obi-Wan, kind of ghost guy.
Mumra?
No.
That was the bad person.
Oh, that wasyeah, I don't know who the
He's not a fucking Thunder cat.
Okay.
All right
Orco.
Get them.
No, Orco.
5 Smurfs and not Smurfette.
Name 5 Smurfs.
Brainy, Vanity, Chastity, Virtue Signal, Cuck.
Cuck.
Cuck holds Smurf.
Libtard, Soyboy.
These are good Smurfs.
These are great Smurfs.
No one updated.
They didn't update the Smurfs properly.
Libtard.
Cuck holds.
You know that Brainy Smurf would be super a snowflake Smurf.
Snowflake, Libtard.
Soyboy.
Cuck.
Yeah.
Heartbleeder.
Yeah, what is that Brainy, Vanity?
I remember Vanity.
Hefty.
What the fuck?
What the fuck were the Smurfs?
You know, that was a bad problem.
He was a strong Smurf.
The only Smurf for you.
Papa.
That's obvious.
Oh, Handy.
Handy.
My name is Hefty.
Handy Smurf.
Did he have the pencil?
No, that was the Brainy.
Oh.
Handy Smurf was like, he was basically Andy on WKRP.
That's how I remember him.
That's a deep cut.
Hefty Smurf.
Hefty is one for sure.
Hefty?
The only Smurf for you is one who has true blue.
That Smurf is me.
My name is Hefty.
This is not a real Smurf.
They were all writing songs.
What fucking Israeli Smurf ripoff did you grow up on?
They were all trying to woo Smurfette in one episode, and they all wrote songs or did
things.
I don't remember Hefty at all.
I will eat my fucking potato chip hat if Hefty Smurf is not a real Smurf.
Well, I doubt you'd lie about it or get it wrong.
Hefty Smurf is the same.
Is he big?
Is he big and strong?
He's the Hefty Smurf.
He's good looking.
Yeah.
He's the macho Smurf.
Unlike Vanity.
Vanity had flowers and talked with an English accent.
And he always had a handheld mirror with him at all times.
Vanity was ginger from Gilligan's Island, but then you got handy and brainy.
It's like you split your professor.
Yeah.
If he's so handy, why is he got the pencil?
He had the pencil behind the ears and the slide rule, and he knew how to make shit.
Out of mushrooms.
But Brainy knew how to not make shit.
Brainy just stand over a handy shoulder and go, like, you shouldn't do that.
Brainy's like, this needs aerodynamics.
Gargamel's cat.
Because air falls.
Asriel.
Oh, shit.
He fucking got it.
He got it.
Drop it.
What did he do?
That was the cat?
I asked, what was the name of Gargamel's cat?
And he got it.
Asriel.
Okay.
So the Coleco vision came with Smurf, the video game.
By the way, if you're a subscriber, and you're under 50, goodbye.
And I say that with no hate for you or us.
I'm happy.
And if you're not, type Coleco vision into Google search and whatever.
What was the game play on the Smurf?
Let me tell you something.
Hardest fucking game ever.
I remember Christmas morning, we got the Coleco vision, and we were shitting our pants because
it was like real arcade graphics.
Yeah.
In your home.
Coleco was like pharmaceutical cocaine.
Yeah.
It was fucking amazing.
16 bits.
Ramstack had a Coleco.
It's good, right?
Nobody else had a Coleco.
Ramstack had a Coleco.
We put in Smurf.
Couldn't get past the first screen.
What was the game play?
Who are you?
You're a Smurf trying to get Smurf fed out of Gargamel's crib.
It's a scrolling game, it starts out mushroom on one side of the frame, a fence on the other.
And it would go do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do.
And you would have to jump over the fence.
And with those fucking weird ass Coleco vision joysticks, which was like a knob.
Did you use the numpad?
On a phone pad.
Yeah.
Which was like, what the hell?
What am I supposed to do with this?
You're supposed to jump and move at the same time, which was almost impossible.
So we're trying to do this and we're trying to jump over the fence of the first screen.
And Jeff, Steven, me, we couldn't do it.
We couldn't do it.
Those are the Schrab Brothers.
We're doing it for hours and hours and hours.
We could do it.
And all three of us are crying.
We're screen crying.
And David and Donna Schrab, my parents are going, it's just, you know, it's just a really hard game.
You got to practice it, but it's not even fun.
Or that quote that made me want to murder my whole family and burn the house down.
If it makes you that angry.
Yeah, if it makes it.
It's just like after the third time that you go, God damn it.
And you just hear from the kitchen, if it makes you that angry, why do you keep playing it?
And I remember mom, I want to talk to you about your marriage.
Well, that's the thing.
It's like, yeah, I guess a game you haven't passed the first level on.
Let's apply that to just real life instead of games.
Yeah, I just wanted to take a dig that would put my rift in my family.
Back in the days when I was, I'm kidding, mom.
I think on the off chance, my mom likes me enough now to just watching this and that would, mom, I'm doing a joke.
What was the video game?
Dragon's Lair?
Right, Dragon's Lair?
Space Ace and Dragon's Lair.
You can get Space Ace and Dragon's Lair.
It was $0.50 or $1 to play it.
And you couldn't get through fucking 15 seconds.
Because you're watching a cartoon, a Don Bluth cartoon, and just having to memorize when to put it down.
It was basically a DVD remote control, and you weren't going chapter searching with this fucking piece of shit.
Same thing with Donkey Kong.
Donkey Kong is a memorization game.
It's all about memorizing it.
And jumping barrels.
Hell yeah.
Do you guys remember when DVDs first came out?
That was the most important high five in podcast history.
The three year period during which the porn industry ever forward.
It's written on the porn industry's seal in Latin.
Ever, ever forward.
What's that French quote about audacity?
That's the French.
Always forward.
DVDs hadn't been in existence for a year and wouldn't have been if it weren't for the porn industry.
And then also at the same time, you would get a porn on DVD.
And the menu would always include sex game.
And you'd be like, what?
And then it would be like this fucking hallway.
Like Wolfenstein graphic.
And it would be like this weird, it's just playing a video of a hallway.
And you're supposed to just use the tracks.
What do you think they came here for?
What do you think we came to Space Station 69 for?
Go down a hallway and turn left and open a door.
And there's a pussy.
And then you click on the pussy and it's just a video clip.
You know what?
Jerking off wasn't fun until you guys added hallways.
But you can't blame them.
You can't blame porn for being a...
Trying.
Porn is like the head of North Korea.
It's a Kim Jong-un.
I can't remember which one we're on.
But it's like that thing of like you're a paranoid...
Porn is a paranoid dictator.
It knows that if it lets it's guard down for a second, it will be assassinated.
We will figure out a way to do away with porn if porn doesn't stay relevant.
It's just like such a...
And so it's always out there just like nervous and sweaty.
Like a...
Like a banana peel on Ron Jeremy's shoulder.
It's a...
The guy in Casablanca, the actor who's sweaty is...
Oh, Rick.
I don't know.
Bogart.
No, the other guy.
The guy who sounds like Ren.
Peter Lorre.
Porn has the personality of Peter Lorre.
This is always...
Rick.
You want to jerk off.
Now that DVDs are up, maybe Rick, we should maybe make an interactive kind of porn.
Rick, huh?
And the American viewer is just like, hey, why don't you take it easy?
See, sweetheart, I guess.
I'll jerk off when I want to jerk off.
But Rick, that's not going to keep me alive, Rick.
Now do Ingrid Bergman.
I want you to be a porn version.
I want you to be a porn hub of all of these characters.
It's not a tumor.
That's not a tumor.
That's a good Ingrid Bergman.
I don't know what Ingrid Bergman sounds like.
Do Sidney Greenstreet.
You must remember this.
A kiss of...
He's not even in that movie.
I don't know if racism is the crime that's committed there.
If anything, lack of racism.
If I could confuse the piano.
Sam for Sidney Greenstreet.
I think I'm post-racial.
Louis Armstrong was Sam in that movie.
Have you ever seen the movie?
It's a good movie.
Casablanca?
I don't think I've seen it.
Did you know there was an alternate ending to it?
They changed the ending?
Zip.
They kind of riffed it at the end.
Do you want to riff another ending to Casablanca right now?
So Victor Laszlo and Ingrid Bergman, whatever her name is, Elsa.
They got on the plane.
So you got Claude Reigns and Humphrey Bogart.
And Humphrey Bogart and Claude Reigns are in a sticky situation.
Because each of them have been kind of traitors to their own laws.
So you'd be Claude Reigns.
Okay.
It seems, Rick, that we are in a bad situation.
You have to kill me or I have to arrest you.
What's his name?
Lieutenant.
You know, there comes a time in a man's life when he needs to...
Sorry, I have to take this call.
Telephone!
Thank you, Lieutenant Schwartz.
You're welcome.
He just stole my pen.
If you're both lieutenants, how does he know to bring you the phone?
Well, then that's where you have me, Rick.
Sorry, I didn't mean to...
Oh, sorry.
Telephone!
Oh, now I got handed a phone.
Maybe I'm a lieutenant too, sweetheart.
Telephone!
That was for you.
Hello.
Hello, sweetheart.
Is this America?
You've got an American, sweetheart, but this is about a far away from America.
New Jersey is from Hoboken, which isn't that far.
See?
Hey, hey, hey, hey.
Hey, hey, what are you...
What else are you doing over there?
Who's on your phone?
Shut up, John.
Peter Lloyd's still alive.
He didn't get killed in jail.
He got arrested by the Gestapo, but he's still alive.
Who was on your phone?
I was talking to the Vichy general
of the local police department.
Brrr, uh-oh.
Telephone.
Oh shit, there's a second phone, sweetheart.
Do you want me to get rid of some
of these dead soldiers here?
All those phones, I didn't answer, yeah.
Hello, and the other phone?
Sweetheart.
Hello.
Ingmar?
Rick, this is me.
Are you Eva?
Rick, no, if you don't remember my name,
then I'll just hang up.
Oh, sweetheart.
You remember Paris, right?
Remember, you said we were off.
You always have Paris, sweetheart.
But we'll always have Paris, but you forgot my name.
You know how to say my name, don't you, sweetheart?
Yes, your name is Rick.
What's my name?
Just put your lips together and blow.
No, that's a different movie, that's a different movie.
Hold on, can I put you, can I just put you on my shoulder?
Hold on.
Yes, my plan is taking off.
I got a third phone, sweetheart.
Hello?
Hey, could I please speak to Lionel?
Panthro.
Is this Panthro?
No, this is Chetaro.
Racist motherfucker.
Shh.
Hey, I didn't hang up.
Where's my Lionel?
Hello?
I'm going to put you on hold, sweetheart.
Oh, I get it.
I get it.
Hello?
Snarf, snarf, snarf.
Oh, snarf, man.
Let me put you on the phone with Chetaro
by turning the phone.
Hey, where's Lionel?
Snarf, snarf.
Oh, he's in the kitchen.
Snarf.
I'm going to go get him.
Can I get you anything?
I can't remember the name of the movie
where he says put your lips together and blow
with Lauren Bacall.
Oh, let me ask.
Is that Key Largo?
No, it's not Key Largo.
That was with, what's his fucking name?
BigSleep.
No, that's a BigSleep.
Maltese.
Not the Maltese.
Dance dancer in the dark.
Snarf, snarf.
Hey, Lionel, what was the name of the movie
where they say put your lips together and blow?
Lionel's not on your call, sweetheart.
He's in the kitchen.
Oh.
Never mind.
Hold on.
Fuck this.
Wait, wait, wait, wait.
What, what, Banthro?
Just in here making omelets.
I'm Chitara.
Chitara, I didn't recognize your voice.
Do you recognize these?
Oh, sword of omens, lords of light.
Those are incredible.
Excuse me, there's a, the cat phone is ringing.
Hello.
Have it, have not.
Oh, click.
Excuse me.
I belong to a trivia club.
Who the fuck was that?
Who's that?
That was the trivia club telling me what movie.
Why are you talking to her all the time?
Chitara, you can't be jealous and sleep with Banthro.
Zip.
You talked about this.
I'm going to show you a couple more zips.
My god, Chitara.
Your body is incredible.
Oh my god, you're not even a cat person.
It's mumra, it's mumra.
Mumra.
Well, if it's a fight you want, it's a fight you'll get.
Thunder, thunder, thunder.
Oh shit, he stopped with the thunder process.
No one ever thought to do that.
God damn it.
Fuck, he stopped me before.
Before I could make my sword all the way.
God damn it, he put ice in my hands.
Mumra.
Don't you like it?
You liked it that one time.
Mumra.
Gross.
Where are we on this planet?
I don't know.
I'm so, I'm so tired.
Yeah.
All the time.
Mumra, how come you have to be two people?
How come you have to change from a mummy man into a...
That's a good question.
You want to know?
Yeah.
Here.
Okay, you want to know?
You want to know?
Okay, so there's good energy and then there's bad energy.
Right.
And then there's in between.
So when you're a mummy, you're good?
Well, good is defined by what we think is good and what is bad, correct?
Well, I'm just a cat.
Well, yes, but you have an opinion of what is good, right?
I believe that the thunder energy is the only good energy in the world, reverse.
And I, in 2018, do not.
What?
Mumra.
Right.
So I'm good when I'm old mummy guy, right?
But when I want to be bad and kick some ass, I turn into a super mumra.
And that's when I take my sword of omens and pray to the Lord of light to give me sight
beyond sight and then say thunder several times and assemble the thunder cats.
Why, why don't you just have the sword always long?
That's the real question.
Swords are for fighting and I believe in peace.
That's why my hope is that I'll never have to have sight beyond sight ever again.
How long does it take you to grow the sword long?
Well, let me run through it in my head.
Thunder, thunder, thunder, thunder cats.
About that long.
And then there's the light that goes out into space.
And then all of them come.
Turns into the bat signal.
They come out.
Everybody runs to there.
Okay.
And the animation is done on the ones as they come.
Right.
A minute long of animation.
Yes, it's a solid.
And once a week, I turn into a strong mumra.
Another minute.
Right.
And then there's credits, which is two minutes.
Yes.
And then there's end credits, which is another full minute.
So that's like five minutes we don't have to deal with.
The rest is the shitty stuff.
Right.
Well, Snarf made some soup the other day.
And the panthro thought was too spicy.
Right.
And that's all.
What do you mean panthro?
Snarf, let's be honest.
You're here for the three year olds.
I think it's a reach.
We have to eat something.
The families have to eat their children by leaving them
in front of the television.
You're getting pretty dark.
Snarf makes me uncomfortable as mumra.
Why?
And I'm a living dead.
You're a nice guy.
I'm just trying to make soup.
But you talk English.
Yes.
But you walk on all fours.
Well, sometimes.
You have like a personal relationship with all these people.
Do you ever try to protect me from this emotional abuse?
Snarf, this is a bed you made a long time ago.
You don't wear pants.
You can't drive a car.
What do you wear?
Mummy?
Bandages.
Right.
Because I'm one person all the time.
You walk on all fours.
You have to go into a second identity to prove who you are.
Does he shit in the bathroom?
Or does he just like shit in front of you?
Like a dog.
I'll take a shit right in front of you.
Snarf, stop.
What?
Lionel, should I not take a shit?
Don't take a shit.
Put some pants on.
Stand on your own two legs and learn how to drive.
He's basically cringer, but he never turns into battle cat.
That's what his thing is.
Well, he says his name a lot too.
Snarf.
He's derivative.
He should be called derivative.
What?
Lionel?
But Snarf.
My friend?
No, I'm your host and you're a parasite.
Oh, fuck you.
Well, you know what?
Fuck me.
Fuck you.
Snarf.
Snarvy.
Oh, fuck.
Oh, shit.
Now we can stand.
Oh, God.
Now we can walk around.
Now we can have a relationship.
I'm normalized Snarf.
Oh, yeah.
Well.
We just saved ourselves six minutes of animation.
Jesus Christ.
You seem like a normal guy.
Yeah, I was happy.
We're all normal.
Everybody's fine.
Stopping bullies.
I think if I taught anybody anything as Snarf, it's don't bully anybody.
You guys are, you live in a bully culture.
But if you have to teach us it by being high maintenance and taking up that much real estate,
is the lesson even worth it?
I mean, maybe it's a self-generated job guarding against bullying.
But to be honest, I spent 30 seconds being non-Snarf, like being a self-activated Snarf.
I want to go back to being regular flawed Snarf.
More comfortable, is it, to complain about everyone bullying you?
Yeah.
That's not a bad idea.
Snarf, like, having a transformation sequence where he's not like this quadruped walking
around, probably humping shit.
He just turns into a guy.
He just stands around too late because you need me to pick up these dishes here.
I can do it now.
Yeah, but I'm going to go back to being regular Snarf because I find it more comfortable.
Nobody in He-Man.
I mean, forget about the fact that Prince Adam looked exactly like He-Man.
I haven't.
He had a green cat that then, and then He-Man also had a green cat.
It was just rubbing people's faces.
But Battlecat didn't do shit, and Cringer had a personality.
Battlecat just had a helmet on.
That wasn't the, I don't, sure.
Right?
It didn't make him less recognizable.
Ah, He-Man.
I gotta assume there's a hardwick podcast that's covered all of this.
Hey, He-Man.
Peter Laurie is back.
Hey, it's me, Rick.
It's me, Peter Laurie.
Hey, He-Man.
He-Man, huh?
Did you watch that thing on Netflix, the toys that made us in the 80s?
No, no, no.
They did this whole creation of He-Man and how the guy who created He-Man the toy was
just talking shit about the cartoon.
Like, he goes, he's all buff.
Prince Adam's all buff.
He's, like, all ripped, but he's a wimp.
That doesn't make any goddamn sense.
So, what came first, the toy or the cartoon?
The toy.
Oh.
Look, they, the people, I forgot who it was.
It was Mattel.
I think.
What?
Was it?
Oh.
Well, Hasbro has He-Man now, but I think Mattel had He-Man, but they had a chance to get
Star Wars.
They went, nah, that movie's not going to go anywhere.
And then, Kenner got it.
And then, they went, shit.
And then, G.I. Joe came around, and they went, fuck.
And then, they said, well, why don't we create something, why don't we create a property
before the movie?
And they created He-Man, and, and He-Man is just like, they looked at G.I. Joe, and they
looked at, like, Luke Skywalker, and they go, look at these guys.
They're not posed.
They have blank expressions.
They're really small.
Let's make them really buff and give them, like, expression, and, and, like, you know,
like, make them a bigger toy.
And, and then, during, like, the pitch meeting, when they were going to, like, Toys R Us,
they, they said, yeah, well, is there, how are kids going to know about this?
And they go, oh, well, they're going to watch the cartoon.
And they went, oh, okay, well, then we'll, we'll, we'll buy a bunch of this stuff.
This sounds great.
And then, they left the room and said, well, what do you mean cartoon?
And they go, well, we'll have to make some phone calls.
All right, Rob, if you could make a movie or a TV show, and there was an action figure
that kids played with, what would the action figure be?
What?
Like, make up a new one?
If you created a show that is something, like, an idea that you've already had, because
you got lots of great ideas, or a new one.
But if you found out when you were an old man on your death bed and kids all loved,
there was one action figure, what would the action figure be?
Something that's already present?
Like, something that you created.
Well, probably Skud.
I mean, like Skud.
Oh, Skud.
Yeah.
That would be cool.
Well, Skud, Skud had an action figure, but that was a disaster.
We hit, we hit peak toy with micronauts.
My brother had micronauts, and like, they were, they were the best toy ever.
They were really fun.
They were all swallowable pieces.
Everything, that was the gimmick.
Everything was swallowable.
Like.
They had little fists that could come off that were like pill size.
Everything was pill size.
Everything was removable.
They're heads.
Yeah, everything good.
You could just, it was just the size of a baby's epiglottis.
No bigger, no smaller.
Yeah.
What was the guy that talked fast?
Micromachines.
That was micromachines.
We got, did you have this micronauts toy?
This is a deep cut.
This is deeper than, this is like.
My brother might have had it.
It was a giant hornet with like purple transparent wings.
It was a spaceship.
I think, and then you could hold all your micronauts in it.
I don't know.
It was like wasptron or something like that or whatever.
But it had like this.
It was all black.
Had like a pointed face with like red windows.
You could open it up.
That was the cockpit.
You put your micronaut in it and then had like these laser purple wings that you could
make flap or whatever.
And it was like the coolest thing ever.
And Jeff Schrab got that for Christmas because he always got the cool shit.
And I got clothes, the vegetable soup of gifts.
Yeah.
But those clothes today.
Look at me.
Yeah.
Micronauts were cooked because they were just so, they were tiny.
And but the every fucking joint was articulated.
They were metal too.
They had like their heads were like metal.
Yeah.
What was your favorite toy growing up?
Like the one toy that you could rely on?
I don't know.
When you're talking about micronauts, they remind me of Z-bots, which seem kind of similar.
They're like a collectible figure that's pretty small.
But yeah, I don't know.
I like connects.
For me, it was Legos and Star Wars action figures.
Yeah.
Like Legos is the best.
And then you get, you have to go pee in the middle of the night and you step in a Lego
and you just die because it hurts.
Stephen got a fucking At-At Walker.
What?
And I got a fucking sweater.
I feel like that's because probably.
What the fuck is this?
I told you the Kendall story, right?
I told you that.
No, tell us again.
I would play Barbies with the girls next door a lot.
And you would win.
I would win when they would leave the room and I would pull my dick out and rub them
all over the Barbies.
Wait, how jokie is that joke?
How jokie?
It's not a joke.
You would rub your dick on the Barbies?
And I would kiss them.
And you rub your dick on them?
Yeah.
On the Barbies?
Okay.
I was 21.
No, no, no, no, no.
Now, I was so in love with Barbies.
I would just kiss them and rub them on my face and everywhere and take off their clothes.
And it was just so fascinating.
Well, you didn't have sisters.
I had a sister, but she was institutionalized.
She didn't have Barbies.
And so there's deprivation.
If you're not raised around a sister, you're encountering femininity for the first time
through girls' toys.
Right.
You go to the girl across the street or you're getting play dates or whatever.
This girl's got these girl toys and the girl toys are girls with hair and skirts.
You're maybe seven years old, but you're still a little barbarian.
Yeah, I was snarf-humping on these toys.
And I guess I played with Barbies enough that my parents told my grandma,
well, what does Stephen...
Robby.
What does Jeff...
What does Robby want for Christmas?
And they told him the Barbie story and so they don't give him a Barbie.
And they gave me a...
Because then they don't want a gay son.
Right.
So they gave me a Kindle.
So I opened it up.
Stephen gets like fucking Ewoks and Mumras and shit.
And I'm like sitting there and I open it up and I get a Kindle.
And I looked at it and all this went like flash through my head.
And I was like, oh my God, they think I'm gay.
And this is a way to stop it.
And it's totally ineffective.
This is making me way gayer.
Yeah.
And then I start full on...
They put the pedal to the metal.
This guy is a beefcake.
Yes.
And then I pull on, not cry, cry.
And I'm going, grandma, I didn't want this.
I want this stomping my foot way too old to be that like fucking...
Part of it is...
Cartman level crying.
Part of it is it's a disappointing gift, but most of it is the humiliation.
It was me screaming to the world, no, you don't understand.
I wanted to tell him, no.
I'm straight as an arrow.
That's why I love those Barbie dolls.
I'm too straight.
I'm dangerously straight.
Yes.
I put my dick on a Barbie.
I like the idea that your parents thought...
And my dad beat the shit out of me.
That was the worst thing.
Like he beat me to death and then stuck my face in the corner and made me stay there forever
because I was like, no, I don't want this.
I don't want it.
You got the wrong idea.
I was molesting those dolls.
But if he had opened up the Kendo and go, oh, hooray.
But he would like that too.
That's the part that I'm fascinated by.
Is that they were sort of like, I like the nuance with which this Midwestern family is
kind of like, he spends an awful lot of time with those girl toys.
Isn't there a masculine aspect to them that we could use to bring them back into the roller derby?
Oh my God, I was like so upset.
I walked into my son rubbing his dick on a female doll.
Let's give him a male doll to rub his dick on.
They didn't know he was rubbing his dick on.
They thought he was interested in playing with the female dolls.
They didn't know he was properly objectifying women at an early age.
And that there was nothing to worry about.
Meanwhile, Steve is getting the Death Star.
You have to fucking add that with the fucking everything.
You can fly out the bottom of the add-at.
But isn't part of this, Rob, because I grew up, I've died an older brother,
and a big tradition in the Midwest in our generation was that Christmas would come,
and they'd just take the Sears catalog and plop it in front of you.
Oh, they stopped doing that after you discovered the bra section.
Right.
I mean, or the Toys R Us catalog, it would be like, oh, Santa wants to know what you want.
And then you'd have to go through the book.
And there's all these kick-ass toys, but you'd point at them and go, I want that.
And their parents would go, well, no, Santa can't afford that.
You fucking idiot.
And then you'd settle on a thing that was, I assume, around $30 in Carter era.
Like, whatever Optimus Prime was worth in 1988.
I didn't get that.
I didn't get Optimus Prime.
But I'm just saying, like, that process, though, I'm saying I would end up.
Got a fucking Kindle.
And it was one where you could put, like, you could give him a sideburn.
Or a beard, or whatever.
And he's got a suit and tie.
And maybe you could dress up and comb your hair every once in a while, Robbie.
And it's like, Steven's, like, in the 25th century, Jeff is building stuff out of Apollo Lego.
And I just get the clothes and the fucking shit.
There's, yeah.
Well, it's good.
This is good.
I like this.
Yeah, everything bad happening to you is actually good.
Why?
Because Dan says so.
No, I'm saying it's good to see he's alive.
And so he's got to, he's, you know, you're a fear of being angry.
You're a fear of being just a barbaric.
Yeah, they might be part of it.
Like, we want to be good guys.
We want to be gentle and evolved and...
Smurf is a hard game.
I just was watching a YouTube video of it.
And man, you know what's after that first screen?
A second screen with the second fence.
It's like the same exact place.
Fence is a little higher.
No, it's not even.
And then, and then it's a two screens of nothing.
And then a screen where you have to jump over a little crab grass in the exact same spot as those fences.
Do you have the video?
Do you have the videos that play the song that you would hear over and over and over again until you went crazy?
Scream crying.
Scream.
I did a lot of scream crying when I was a kid.
No wonder.
At least you had a calico, you know?
Well, we had a calico Adam.
My family had an odyssey.
Because that's how you roll when your dad's a baker.
Fucking bakers.
I thought someone was beatboxing.
See, hear that?
That's hitting the fence.
Yeah, you hit the fence and then it just all stops.
And then all happiness stops.
And then you do that three times.
What was the Smurfs?
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
That was the theme.
We are the Smurfs and we were made with no joy.
The only Smurf for you is one who is true blue.
That Smurf is me.
My name is hefty.
Gargamel wanted to eat the Smurfs.
No, he wanted to turn them into gold.
Oh, Smurfs.
How is he going to do that?
How many apples high was a Smurf?
Three.
Okay.
All right, let's play some fucking D and motherfucking D.
Which is actually terrifying.
Something three apples high is terrifying to me.
That's too high.
They don't look that big.
Yeah, how big are the motherfucking mushrooms?
They got windows and shit in there and a chimney, motherfucker.
Motherfucker, three apples high and they go through that door.
That means the mushrooms up to my hip.
All right, at least.
Let's let's say playing with y'all.
Let's save that for our other podcast called Smurf grief.
Urban cartoon architect.
I love you.
Three apples.
How big are your apples?
Rob, were you here last week?
No.
Hip to the jive?
Do you want to play Rob?
I know you hate games.
We're pretty sure he's excited.
No, I don't.
You're about to waylay a guy that's currently pooping, right?
Right.
I feel like every time I play, I do it wrong.
It's fine.
You'll probably be OK.
That's it.
Break it down.
Last time on Harmon Time.
Our heroes were in Dornester on the quest for Patchen's gem.
After some initial fact finding,
they discovered enough to realize that they should head to the theater
and find some clues.
There, they met a guy named Gretel, who was fat
and asked him some questions.
And he pointed them all into the direction of Shrove,
a figure about town.
And so, on the pursuit for Shrove, our heroes left
and went to the tavern, but not before discussing
what they thought was the situation at hand,
which I wish I could quote directly, but I cannot.
Then they went to the tavern where they met Cool Dennis
and learned some information where they met this dude
and he had a cloak and it turned out it was Patchen's cloak
from when he got robbed that first time
when it set off the quest of Patchen's gem in the first place.
And the guy who was wearing that cloak,
he said the guy who gave him the cloak was Shrove
and he was in the bathroom or something like that.
And then the gang set up in the bathroom,
making sure to send diarrhea to the window to guard for an escape.
Surrounding Shrove in the bathroom,
our heroes were about to leap into action
to hopefully get to the bottom of the quest for Patchen's gem.
But will they?
So I'm standing by the window.
You're outside this tavern.
Right.
Because there's a guy in the bathroom of the tavern
that's like our perp.
He's a guy we want.
I'm playing it cool.
I sent you out in case there's a window to the bathroom
because I don't want this guy leaving.
I'm playing it cool.
You're playing it cool.
You're outside the window.
I'm ready to cast flair to dazzle him when he comes out
so that you can waylay him, Carlos.
Do I see Jeff?
No, you're outside.
No, because you're outside.
Carlos and I are around the bathroom door.
You're outside around the window, right?
It's kind of like the drawing room or wherever.
So like the back of the bathroom is like way far away.
So I'm just hanging out.
I'm just playing it cool.
Yeah, you're just trying to see if anyone climbs out.
Yeah, you're playing it cool.
I'm playing it cool.
I'd say you're playing it cool.
Outside the window of the bathroom.
So Carlos, let's make sure we got our shit together.
When Shrove comes out of here from poop
and we know that this guy is involved
with the waylaying of Patchen's,
he probably has the gem.
I'm ready to cast flair to dazzle him.
Or should we figure this out?
What's the best way to know about this?
Well, yeah, we need to plan post-apprehension
because we're not taking him to the Church of Silver Flame.
No, we're taking him down.
We're taking him to 21 Fuck You Street.
Well, we're taking him God knows where.
But yeah, we gotta not cause a civic incident.
People see us mugging this guy.
All right, so maybe we just knock him unconscious.
I can do shaleily and cudgel this guy and knock him out.
And then you're stronger than me.
You're bigger than me.
We can just take him.
Yeah, I just don't know where to take him.
But we just get him outside.
Is it nighttime?
Hey, cool, Dennis.
It's getting towards evening.
Yeah.
Do you have rooms to rent here?
No, this is just kind of like a tavern.
It's not a tavern slash inn or whatever.
We don't get too many visitors.
What's your policy on people knocking out people
as they come out of a bathroom and dragging them out of the tavern?
I'd say it's directly against both the rules of this tavern
and the rules of House Galando,
which governs all sorts of places of hospitality in the nation.
Oh, shit, that's bad for us.
Is there any way to get a temporary permit
if our interest is in not disrupting your house of hospitality
if I could give you some gold pieces just as a reprieve
because our goal is to just make this as painless as possible,
just want to get him out of here and take him somewhere else.
He looks at you with a look and he says,
Sonny, I don't think you know the situation you are in.
Do you know who Shrove is, what he is to this town?
Do you know who you are to this town?
Well, I'm a stranger.
Right.
Isn't Shrove's a master?
Shrove's a good friend.
He's the master of the theater guild, right?
Yeah, the Gretel told you he was the theater master, I think.
Well, do you know what the church is to this town?
A pain in my rump.
Yeah, well, it can only get bigger.
I mean, Shrove's got himself into a real hot mess.
I don't want any trouble.
I don't want to win a popularity contest either.
I walk up to Carlos and go, Carlos with a wink,
like, hey, you know what? Let's just leave it.
Let's, you know...
Okay, cool.
I guess we won't pay you anything, and we won't do anything.
Yeah, message received, but we still go back to the bathroom
if I can get this mother...
And if things get tough, I'll just summon a giant ant
in the middle of your bar.
Exactly.
Shush, shushy, shushy pray.
Yeah, so you guys are just...
Do you want that?
You're outside.
You guys are just retaking your positions
that you were in formerly when it was clear
that you were going to...
I'm gonna go back outside.
After having said you are going to do that?
I'm gonna hold my crotch like pee-pee dance
and go, oh, you know what?
All this talk about things that made me want to go pee-pee dance.
So I'm gonna go stand in line for the rest of my life.
All right, great. That makes sense.
And I'll tell you what I'm gonna fucking do.
I'll be ready with Shalely
so I can cudgel this motherfucker in my quarter-staff
because of plus one weapon with 2D6 damage.
Damn.
Yeah.
So I'm fake pee-pee dancing
out in front of the men's room.
I'm into it.
Okay.
God, I don't...
Hey, what are we gonna do, man?
We're in over our heads.
We did it again.
We're in over our heads?
Nothing. You're outside. You can't hear me.
I'm talking to myself.
I'm right next to you.
I'm ready to fucking rock.
This guy's gotta come out.
He's just been pooping.
We're gonna fucking get this motherfucker.
I'm outside. Maybe we should just follow him.
Yeah.
No.
I'm gonna go in.
What?
Follow him?
He's gonna sneak out.
We're gonna lose him.
Like, we always...
I started tapping on the window.
We spent the last 45 minutes
waiting for this guy to get off the goddamn pot.
And I'll tell you what I'm not gonna do.
Oh.
He's knocking on the window.
Hey.
Oh, shit.
Hey, come on.
Well, we're not aware of that.
That's Shrove.
Well, let's...
Yeah, you're not aware of that.
Psst.
Okay.
Poop awareness.
Hey.
Shrove.
Yeah.
No.
You're doing that.
Yeah, you're doing that.
It's alarming.
Hey!
No one's responding, though.
All right.
We wait.
How long have we been waiting?
And how long is this poop?
Let's say you've been waiting about five minutes.
Okay.
It's a standard poop.
I'm gonna wait this motherfucker out.
It's...
Well, at least it's fucking...
It's ready to go.
All right.
So I was knocking pretty hard.
Oh, yeah.
Did you...
Did you add that into the role?
Yeah.
And you're one of the strongest people here, I think.
And the wind...
And that didn't do anything.
Well, it made noise, but he didn't respond.
I think he's dead.
Maybe he was scared.
I'm gonna open the window.
Okay.
And then I stick like my elvish blade.
And then I stick like just the tip underneath the crack of the window.
And I use it as like a lever.
Yeah.
To...
Well, how would you do it?
No, this is right.
I'm not laughing at your methodology.
Okay.
And then I start prying it.
Mm-hmm.
You know, and it probably...
It'll probably take a couple...
Because you know, when you do like the butter knife thing, it kind of...
It doesn't get under there right away.
Right.
But I get, you know...
You get there.
Yeah.
I kind of...
I go back and forth a little bit.
Yeah.
To get it underneath.
Okay.
And then I...
Are you rolling the dice?
Well, you're not done yet.
On the table.
What are you doing?
I don't need to see what you are gonna do.
What am I doing?
You open the window.
Yeah, it opens.
I open the window.
Right.
Yeah.
Is there no dice?
No.
Okay.
Open the window.
I go, hey, hey!
Open the corner, not near the toilet or anything.
He's just staring at you.
Blair Witch.
Like he's been seeing you knocking on the window and then slowly working it open.
Right.
So he's just staring at you.
He's like an older...
He's an older black guy wearing like kind of glasses.
And he's got these big thick long dreads.
And he wears like the clothes of a scholar.
And yeah, he looks...
He looks like he's seen crazier shit than this.
And at the same time, he's like, what?
Why would anyone want to see what's in a bathroom?
That's kind of the look he's got.
Okay.
All right.
So, you know...
So you're looking at him.
He's looking at you.
Okay, I'm gonna just...
I stare back at him.
Uh-huh.
For how long?
Until he does something?
Until he does something.
All right.
Well, then after about 20 seconds of this, he starts slowly inching to the door.
Okay.
Yeah.
And I'm gonna keep...
And I'm gonna lock eyes with him and follow him like my sight.
With your eyes.
With my eyes.
Okay.
Yeah, yeah.
He slowly makes his way towards the door.
And I'm not making him do this with my mind, right?
No, you're definitely not making him do this with your mind.
Okay, good.
Yeah.
Okay.
I mean, yeah.
It's intimidating.
It's intimidating, yeah.
He, he, he, he gropes through the door knob and he opens it and, um...
I cast Flare to dazzle him.
All right.
I'm gonna dazzle the fuck out of this guy.
Level zero spell.
What's, what's your wisdom score?
What's your wisdom score?
My wisdom is...
Sorry.
Wisdom.
It doesn't matter.
He didn't roll high enough.
Sorry.
He gets dazzled?
Well, you said Flare, right?
I'm 19 wisdom.
Great.
That's really good.
Does that affect just him?
Um...
The dazzle?
Yeah.
Would I get dazzled too?
I mean, I'm looking inside the bathroom.
Uh, well then, uh, yeah.
So, so I didn't dazzle him.
No, you dazzled him.
Um, how dazzled is he?
Completely.
I, I, I want to, I want to push then into the bathroom with the dazzled show.
Okay.
Trying to do it.
I'm trying not to rate, you know, make it a big deal.
It is.
Casting magic's a big deal.
Like it's obvious, you know?
Okay, well...
It's like a big magical display.
Well, I still, I'm gonna push my way into the, into the bathroom of show.
All right.
You do that.
Um, you notice, I mean, everything happens so fast, you know, so to speak or whatever.
But you, you do notice that when this, when these events start unfolding, literally everyone
in the tatter and like leaps to their feet and starts moving towards you.
But you're in the bathroom now.
Right.
Well, uh, Jeff, are you going to the bathroom too?
Um, I'm standing in the bathroom doorway dazzling.
Right.
But then Dan shoved everyone into the bathroom.
So...
Okay.
Um, I stay in like the corridor leading in there and I pull out my chileli ready for
action.
All right.
You can't do that because you've got to cast it as a spell first.
Well, should I just go in the bathroom?
You could do, you could do so many things, man.
Wait, so, but I can't do chileli because I'm already got a spell going.
Well, chileli is a spell.
So you have to cast that before and you don't have enough actions currently to cast two spells
in a turn.
Um, I...
But he could get into the bathroom with us.
Yeah.
Move action.
If it's possible to do that, let's do it.
Is the window big enough for me to crawl inside?
Yeah.
That's an alternative pitch to that.
So I'm halfway.
Okay.
Well, that, I think maybe this shouldn't be our destination.
I was thinking maybe we go out.
The window.
Okay.
So, okay.
So I, so I go, I, so Spencer, look at me because this is a visual thing.
Okay.
So I'm going to do the...
He's, he's, he's given a boost.
Yeah.
Just for them to come down.
I'm out.
But first things first.
I'm outside the window.
We've got this guy right now.
Yeah.
More than we're ever going to have him.
I want the fucking gem.
He's dazzled.
Yeah.
Exactly.
Dazzled.
So I'm...
Hand him towards me.
I say Shrove.
Can you hear me?
Yeah, for sure.
We want Patchen's gem, which you may know as just the gem.
It's not yours.
Where is it?
Um, I don't know what you're talking about.
Here come the pain.
Shrove.
I'm still doing this.
You're still boosting your...
Shrove, if I take you out of this bathroom without knowing anything about the gem, um,
you're...
You're as good as dead.
It's not going to go well for you.
This is your last chance.
Who are you people?
We're from the church.
Okay.
You don't need to know who we are.
Nice.
We're from people that are better than you at taking gems and getting away with it.
I want to...can I search him?
Is there like a Frisk move?
That's just like...he doesn't have the fucking...he's not going to have it.
But I just want to see what's like in his pockets.
Easy.
You moved to Frisk him, but his hand is like lightning and he shoots out and you didn't
even see he was holding a dagger, but he slices you.
Damn it.
Fuck.
Now we're going to die.
He slices you for five damage.
God!
Fuck you.
Can I cast a spell?
Can I just do a regular action?
Is there soap in the bathroom?
You should wash that.
Yeah, there is.
You should wash that out.
Yeah, you could cast something.
I think it's Dan's turn first.
No, yeah, it is Dan's turn.
Well, you've been stabbed now in mid Frisk.
I'm going to reflexively, if someone's stabbing me, inflict moderate wounds.
All right, so do you see your touch attack?
It's on the other side.
It'll be kind of towards your attacks to the left, left.
Yeah, around there.
Touch attack.
Touch 11.
No, it's not that.
Okay.
Unless he's flat-footed.
He's not.
But you grab him.
Wait, moderate wounds?
How much damage is that?
It's inflict moderate wounds.
It's like three, right?
Two or three?
Sorry.
Hold on.
Shit.
Had it a second ago.
Do you want me to look?
Touch deals 2d8 plus 1 damage per level.
All right.
11.
All right, you hit him.
Necrotic energy oozes through his body as he takes 11 damage.
Sorry, there's a verbal component to my spell.
It's okay.
All right.
How close am I to him?
You're maybe 10 feet, but you're kind of coming through the window.
Right?
Can I reach out and grab his shoulder?
Are you inside the bathroom at this point?
Well, my arm could be.
It's a hole.
You can't reach through.
You'd have to be in the bathroom to kind of reach him.
My hand is in the bathroom.
So no.
Right.
You're not even going to roll.
No, you can't reach him.
You can move to him, and then you'd be able to reach him.
Move the window?
Move through the window.
Well, I don't want to do that yet.
Are there any rocks?
Yeah, there's some rocks.
Outside?
Yeah.
I start throwing rocks.
All right.
You got a critical fail.
Critical fail?
Yeah.
You winged Jeff in the head with a rock.
What?
I didn't mean to wing you.
You hit him for five.
I hit him.
I take five damage, and he threw rocks through the window.
He was throwing rocks.
What are you standing in the?
How big is this bathroom?
It's not big.
Well, why did you?
You should have stood up.
You were just whipping rocks in the window.
You hurt him as much as the guy that stabbed me hurt me.
I'm trying to help.
Can I do it?
You were the one that said, stay outside.
Is there anything natural inside that I can use and tangle?
Not close enough.
It's too far away.
OK.
It can't reach into the bathroom.
Shalely.
All right.
I turn my cord of staff into a Shalely and just fucking whack him right in the head.
You hit him for seven damage in the head.
This guy's got to die soon, right?
Not that soon.
Is he OK?
What's his status?
He's doing fine considering he took two, I'm not going to say strong attacks, but pretty solid connections.
He's dazzled and dazed and confused.
I'm going to throw just one more rock, but I'm going to aim at his legs.
Yeah.
Make it harder.
I get out of the way because I have been hurt before.
All right.
Well, first is everyone else's turn.
So Shrove, he kind of ducks down into a ball like a crouch, and then dark energy emanates out from him and covers the bathroom in darkness.
Oh, that's just what normally happens in a bathroom.
Luckily, the window's open.
Oh, the darkness is spilling out of the window.
Darkness is spilling out.
You can kind of dodge it.
That hasn't happened since the Super Bowl.
Hey, is it day out?
It's getting dark.
Because of the window?
No, no.
So he's cast darkness inside the bathroom?
Yeah, so you guys can't see so hot.
And the darkness is leaking out of the window?
Yeah, as if it were like a very bright room with light leaking out, but dark.
Wait, hold on.
The door gets smashed in, but you can't really see because it's dark.
So a flash of light behind you kind of opens up, and you see a crush of people pressing in, but no one can really see so well.
So just there's, you know, it's like a cartoon scuffle right now.
Someone in here.
Yeah, yeah.
There's fists ablazing.
They're hitting you.
They're hitting everyone.
Chef me, I'm outside.
I'm protected by the outside.
That's correct.
Thank you.
You keep throwing rocks at me.
Just once.
All right.
Only two connect.
One hits Jeff and one hits Dan.
Who?
I'm safe.
Who's Jeff?
XP.
I get XP.
Double.
I picture this bathroom like the size of an airplane bathroom.
I'm picturing the size of like the rust against the metal.
Yeah.
I want to get this guy out the window.
All right.
I reach my hand in.
You do that.
Yeah.
And I say, throw them to me.
Throw them.
You guys can't really see.
How many hits do I take?
You took eight damage and Dan took four damage.
So how does this dark work?
Okay.
Hard to see.
Think about the opposite of light.
Well, I mean, yeah.
Like negative light.
Yeah.
There's, it's getting, it's like day outside, right?
It's kind of getting dark.
So if I light a match in this dark, it does nothing.
You don't know.
You've never tried that.
I tried that.
You try it?
Yeah.
It does nothing.
It's too dark.
It's magic.
You got to try these things.
They didn't teach magic at art school?
Jesus.
No.
Okay.
I throw cards in there.
I think it's Dan's turn now.
Okay.
Well, I'm grabbing where I think Shrove is and I'm going to shove him toward the window
because I'm like, we got to get this guy out of here.
And I'm kind of hoping and shoving him that I'm like, I kind of want to be like a badass,
but I know I'm not like, like I want to like hit it.
Not only am I not avoiding hitting his head, like I kind of hope I do.
Like I want to Steven's a golem.
I know I can't, but I want to.
So you're grabbing him and you're doing what?
You're pushing him somewhere?
Grabbing him and shoving him toward the window with the intent of getting him close enough
to the window that Diarrhea Jr. out there can start grabbing him.
And like my long-term goal is get him out, like get him incapacitated and shoved out the window.
Okay.
Yeah.
You grab someone that you feel like might be him and you start ushering towards the window
and as you do that, you take some more punches.
Great.
Only two of them hit.
So fun.
I don't like the sound of somebody.
You take five damage off of that.
Damn it.
You get to the window though.
So that's what?
14 for you?
Yeah.
Yeah, I'm close to death in a sense.
In a sense.
I have like eight left.
That's not bad.
I mean, it's not great, but it's not bad.
All right.
You think he's to the window.
Yeah.
Or you know you're to that window unless you got turned around somehow.
Grab him, Diarrhea.
I grab him.
All right.
You grab him.
And I can't see anything because I'm looking into the dark.
Right.
Yeah.
But behind me is daylight.
Dusk.
He's so offended.
It's not just daylight.
He's been four years learning how light works at the Milwaukee Institute of Art and Design.
He's so mad at the idea of dark being able to.
It's not my idea.
For four years, 80 years ago.
I know.
But you're like, let me get this straight.
Like, yeah, it's magic.
Okay.
All right.
So I start yanking on whatever, whoever I'm holding on.
You do that too.
When I'm pulling and yanking and yanking and pulling.
Yeah.
You do that.
You get him about halfway out.
You don't get him full way out because you had bad footing or something like your back
hurt or something like that.
But you get him halfway out.
And I'm aware enough to be shouting the whole time.
I don't know if this is him.
Who is it?
Because I don't want to.
That's probably a good call.
Yeah, it's your turn.
I use my spell of light and I cast it on the ceiling.
So the object, the ceiling can shine like a torch, right?
Oh, just light, right?
Uh-huh.
I cast light on the ceiling of the bathroom.
You cast it and you see the faintest of light pulses, but it's almost immediately wiped out.
It's not strong enough to pierce the magical darkness.
Oh, fuck me.
God damn it.
That's it.
That's all.
You can move.
I just threw a poof.
Well, at least in a meta sense, we now know you're not being shoved out a window.
Yeah, that's true.
So did we catch anything in that moment, Spencer?
What did I?
You saw like a strobe-like flash of just a vicious melee.
It seems like most of the tavern people are just punching each other, but they're kind
of punching in all directions.
So now the bathroom is just filled with people punching?
Oh, yeah.
It's a madhouse.
You can't take two steps without catching a punch.
It's got the window.
So that's my turn.
No, you can move.
I jump out the fucking window.
All right.
You also get punched a couple of times.
Oh, you get punched.
I start grabbing and yanking him.
Okay.
How much d do I t?
It just, they don't hurt that bad.
You take some, like their wrist isn't straight or something, like it doesn't connect.
Sounds like that was our title.
How much d do I t?
Their wrist isn't straight.
I don't know.
I think you're actually supposed to keep it bent or something.
Now that I said that.
Remember when you found out when you were a kid, you're not supposed to keep your thumb
tucked in your hand?
Oh, yeah.
You punch somebody.
So you break your thumb.
God forbid I punch someone so hard I hurt myself.
Like, what a problem.
That's how you t d.
That is how you t d.
I think I punched someone once.
That's not true.
I punched a lot of people.
Damn.
They were little kids too.
What do you think about that?
That's badass.
And this was last week.
I punched a lot of fucking little kids.
All right.
So this is our turn.
Or is it the NPC bad guy's turn?
But it's Dan's turn.
Dan, you're, you are kind of sandwiched between, you think is Shrove and Rob Schrab and Jeff is
kind of in the mix there too.
We got to get Shrove out this window.
Right.
Out of this melee.
Yeah.
My goal, my long term goal is if that dude was Shrove, which I'm not questioning, I'm
just like, I grabbed that person shoving them like a package out the window.
And my hope is to go out after them.
Because I ain't going out through the bathroom door.
Yeah.
So you do that.
You push, you push the guy through and the window is now clear for access if you want
to squeeze through.
That's what I'm doing.
You do that.
Easy access.
You take one more punch on the butt and you take six damage.
Ow!
That's like, that brings me close to death.
Six butt damage.
Someone punched me in the ass and might have killed me.
I start laughing and pointing.
I have, I have some heel spells and some good berries.
The most lethal butt punch.
The punch of the butt caused more damage than when the guy stabbed me.
And I'm.
And when my friend threw a rock through the window.
I'm laughing, but I'm saying, it's not funny.
I know it's not funny.
I'm sorry.
It's not funny.
You're right.
I hope you don't die from getting punched in the butt.
Ow!
My ass!
Hey, you got punched where the sun don't shine because it's dark in that bathroom because
he did his foul.
I'm hanging out the window like crying blood because someone.
I know it's terrible.
I'm really sorry.
I take them by the hand.
My balls are black.
Helping them.
I'm like one of those kids from that horrible orphanage.
I'm not laughing at you.
I'm laughing at the situation.
It's not your fault.
God damn.
How are we doing this for the church?
Am I outside?
No, it's your turn and you can be outside on your turn.
I try to jump outside.
All right, you do that.
This window is like a Lily Tomlin.
Can you see?
Can you see outside?
Now that you're clear of the window and it's not blasting out darkness.
Do we have Shrove or do we not?
You do.
Yeah, we got Shrove.
Hell yeah.
So we got Shrove.
We're all outside now.
We should rough him up.
Yeah.
No, we should beat the piss out of him.
You should rough him up a bit and go, hey, you think that's funny?
You're making it dark in the bathroom?
No, we need to.
My friend got punched in the butt.
Wait, is it my turn?
You have an action, but you can't move.
I can't do a spell.
No, you can do a spell.
I throw, I summon nature's ally and throw a bear into the bathroom.
So they have to deal with that.
Nicely done.
Very good.
That goes great.
I summon the bear.
Fantastic.
And it's still dark in there.
Yeah, yeah.
Okay.
After he does that, I know it's not my turn.
I'm going to close the window.
So we get a full-on bear in the fucking bathroom and we're going to bone out with Shrove.
And I'm covering Shrove like with my body.
I'm just going to say I just don't want him to get away.
Right.
Okay.
So did I successfully cast a bear into the bathroom?
Oh, yeah, yeah.
It's tearing shit off.
All right.
There's a fucking guy out of here.
The toilet keeps flushing.
These guys are going to be busy for a while with that bear.
I heard him flushing in the toilet.
Let's get Shrove.
This guy's a friend of the town.
We're going to go somewhere.
I know.
Let's take him up.
We got to rough him up a bit.
You know, I grab him by the arm and I start shaking him.
We're going to get him out of here.
We're in the street.
What the fuck is?
We got to get him out of here.
We got to get you out of here.
I look around to see if there's a place that we can hide ourselves.
We got to hide you somewhere.
We got to get you out of here.
What are you doing back there?
How long do you think a bear is going to last
with X amount of people in a bathroom?
10 rounds.
How many rounds?
10 rounds they'll never forget.
We got 10 rounds.
We're fine.
They're going to be giving bumper stickers
for finishing the night in that place.
We can get him.
Get this guy out of here.
Out of here.
Yeah.
So you're behind the market.
You're kind of between the back row of the market buildings
and then the outer wall of the town.
So it's kind of a natural alley.
But it's also like it's in an area that's heavily populated.
So unless like you get somewhere out of line of sight
or something.
What am I wearing?
Any kind of robe?
Is he wearing colorful clothes like me?
Yeah.
You're wearing colorful clothes.
Like a robe.
God, is it brilliant?
Yeah.
No.
It's like a clown costume.
OK.
He's going to put his jacket over Shrove's head.
Yeah.
This is brilliant.
In fact, also I got the robe.
I got the Shrove robe.
I bought the Shrove robe from the homeless guy.
Right.
Yeah.
Take that.
Wrap his head in that.
Shrove robe.
The bloody Shrove robe.
Whatever you want.
Yeah.
Right.
Wrap his head.
Like paparazzi avoidance style.
I start shouting.
Everybody out of the way.
Ugliest man in the world.
You don't want to see this.
He's so ugly.
Don't.
Everybody.
We have a chance.
I pat Shrove down to see what's on him.
He's got a dagger.
A dagger.
I take the dagger.
Take the dagger.
He stabs it.
What?
I took the dagger.
No, you're reaching for it.
Oh.
Yeah, he stabbed him.
Fucking hell.
I shake his other arm and I go, what are you doing?
How many, how many of these do I tease?
Five damage.
Five people.
Five more, five more of these?
Five more damage.
Fucking hell.
I shake him.
Why are you stabbing people?
You pull it out of his hand after that, though.
Because of the arm shaking.
We need to incapacitate this guy.
Why don't you punch him in the butt and almost kill him?
He goes, what are you guys, what is this?
You're not taking me alive.
I'm going to kill you.
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, dagger guy, long pooper.
Do you have passions, Jim?
I don't know what you're talking about.
We're trying to find passions, Jim.
That sounds like, is that a famous person?
The Jim you prick, you fucking waylaid us on the highway,
coming from a little, little knock.
We're the fuck, my character would remember this stuff.
Don't fucking lie to us.
Yeah, don't waylaid us.
I've been here for months.
I'm like the town doctor.
I don't, I don't leave.
Like I have a lot of chronic patients and stuff.
I'm not just going around hanging out.
Where did you get this robe?
You piece of shit.
I found it at the theater.
You work at the theater.
Right, yeah.
And so I was like, well, this bloody robe seems too dirty
to be with the other costume.
I'm going to get rid of this.
And there was a naked man.
And hey, that works out great.
You're a fucking idiot liar.
Okay.
I take his dagger, do I have his dagger?
Yeah, I stab him back.
You stab him.
Well, hey, huh?
He's on the other foot.
He takes five damage.
Yeah.
I still have the dagger.
And I go, hey, I'll keep stabbing until you tell us
where that gem is at.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I stab him again.
You start gabbing or we keep stabbing.
All right, you deal five damage.
Does anybody see us?
Well, he's screaming out in pain and you haven't really
made distance between you and the back of the tavern.
What's this guy?
We should really take him somewhere.
Yeah, he's wounded.
You see a group of people rounding the corner on one side.
Okay, let's get the hell out of here.
Nothing here to see.
Church of the Silver Flame.
Fuck you.
You don't want to be next.
Fuck all you.
You want to be next.
Keep fucking stabbing.
You don't know him.
You got robe over his face.
Church of the Silver Flame, don't give a shit.
We don't give a shit.
There's a robe over his face.
He's really ugly.
You don't want to see this person.
Just round a different, keep rounding corners.
Just go find something more profitable to look at.
Unless you want to get stabbed by a church.
You don't want to see this.
You forget a million things a day.
Make this one of them.
I hear there's an interesting dark bathroom
with some animal life.
Can I cast a spell?
Sure, yeah.
I produce flame.
And I just hold a flame in my hands.
Yeah.
Can I cast a flame in both hands?
Or I just hold a flame in both hands?
Like just hold flames?
Yeah, I think the produce flame lets you have a couple of flames.
So I just stand there and go like...
I just hold flames in both hands.
Who wants to get burnt?
How do you like your ribs?
What?
Yeah.
I look over at Carlos and go,
how do you like your ribs?
Yeah.
And they...
No, you ask him.
I ask the crowd.
How do you like your ribs?
No, you do.
Okay.
It doesn't matter.
I have two flames.
I look at the crowd of people around the crowd and go,
how do you like your ribs?
No, no, not them.
It's too late.
I don't care how they like their ribs.
You say to the back, it's like saying,
do you feel lucky, punk?
You're saying to the person that you're going to burn.
How do you like your ribs?
There's a whole group of people coming around the corner now.
Yeah.
We don't want them...
We don't want to give them ribs.
Okay, so why did you whisper that to me?
It doesn't matter.
I still take that advice and look at the crowd
and it's the most confusing thing in the world.
I'm now a gnome holding two fireballs in my hand.
I look at this crowd of people.
I go, how do you like your ribs?
Cliff Hanger!
All right.
That's not the one.
I did it.
Rob Schrab, everybody.
It feels better.
From Church, Nolan, Sarah, Chris, Zach, everybody here at
The Wonderful Starburns Industries Castle.
Spencer Crittenden, editor-in-chief of Game Mastery.
I'm Jeff Davis, a comptroller.
I'm Dan Harmon.
I'm your mayor.
Drive fast, take chances.
We got a guy off the toilet and now...
Did you get any of that?
It's a good show.
Yo.
Little prancing ponies.
Little prancing gentlemen.
Bring them to the stable when they're road hard.
Left dry, going in the field, eat the lollipop.
Rainbows, little prancing ponies.
MC Prancing Pony, here to tell you I'm a brony.
Going to eat the cinnamon week.
Ride with my pony feet up a rainbow ramp.
Go to Rainbow Town.
Meet another prancing pony in Brown.
And he'll say, what's up?
He'll say, give me a rainbow cup.
Give me a cup with rainbows in it.
Fuck your mama, so I didn't win it.